Interview

Tell me about your self:

I'm Matias Cano. I'm twenty four years old. I'm from Argentina and i'm studying software engineering and programming since 2009.
In my free time I like to read books on programming and develop things.
I'm very dedicated, and honest.
I want to thank you for giving me this wonderful opportunity.


Why should I hire you?

Because if you do it, I´ll give my 100% efforts, and i also know most of the tecnologies used in this days, you can find that information is in my CV.
If you hire me, it will be a great opportunity to show my skills. I'm sure you will not regreat it.

What are your strengths and weaknesses?

Strengths:

- I always smile
- I accept my mistakes and i learn from my them. (For example in my previous job we were in a very difficult situation and my boss did a proposal but i want agree with it and i told him, after a few weeks his plan worked and that made me realize my mistake)
- I believe in myself and my abilities.

Weaknesses:

- Like to argue. (About religion mostly)
- Trusting everyone easily. (As i told you, i´ve been doing freelance work and sometimes people do not pay me, I certainly need to improve that)

Why do you want to work at our company?

Peaplo from Toptal came to my school and they talk about the good qualities of the work.
I think i am qualified and it would be a great opporttunity to show and improve mi skills.
And since you hire only 3% of the people who apply i will be able to learn a lot things from others.


What is the difference between confidence and over confidence?

Confidence is believing in yourself.
Overconfidence is believing that others are lower.

What is the difference between hard work and smart work?

HARD WORK: Using all your energy, but may be not working efficiently.

SMART WORK: Doing something the more efficient way.

How do you feel about working nights and weekends?

I can definitely work at night as well as weekends.

Can you work under pressure?

Obviously. I is the best moment to show my knowledge and strengths and i also can see my waeknesses more clearly to improve them.

Are you willing to relocate or travel?

Yes, obviously. In fact I like to do it.

What are your goals?

I would like to become a successful person in my professional life as well as my personal life.
Of course, I will like to be working for Toptal and traveling the world.

What motivates you to do good job?

I think Self confidence creates a good motivation to do any kind of work and also to be able to make other people happy.

What makes you angry?

I usually do not get angry, but when employers are blaming to each others, instead of solving the problem together, this time, I feel angry.

Give me an example of your creativity.

Creativity is thinking out of the box. 

How long would you expect to work for us if hired?

This is the job opportunity I have been looking for. So i would like to stay as long as possible.

Are not you overqualified for this position?

Of course not i'am fresher and I don't have a lot of work experience. But i'm a very quick learner.

What are your career options right now?

One is toptal, the other is to invest all my time in my own company.

What are your outside interests?

I like to meditate and read, i try to do it every day.

Who has inspired you in your life and why?

My inspiration is the Budha i think that he had a unique world view that changed my life.

What was the toughest decision you ever had to make?

I was going to become a budhist monk and because several reasons i didn´t.

Have you considered starting your own business?

Yes, in fact, this year i started i little development company called c2desarrollos.

Do you have any questions for me?

Honestly speaking, I want to know how I was in this interview.

Why did you resign from your previous job?

I am thankful to my previous company because I have learned lots of professional Skill, but there was no chance to grow and the schedules didnt match whith my school.

How much do you mony do you expect?

Any amont of money that you give me.



